In this video youre going to learn a couple of tips and tricks to reduce the spam on your Instagram
account.
So the first thing that you can actually do is turn off Commons altogether when you do post on Instagram.
So I'm just going to walk through the steps of say adding picture here.
Just going to go next.
Skip the filters and then down here in advanced settings you can see do the option to turn off commenting
all together.
And as it says here you can actually beside the post turn that back on if you want later on but that
option is is there just to turn off commenting altogether if it might be a controversial post or you
are just tired of the comments for a while.
That option is there.
Thats a pretty new feature.
So its good to know that that exists.
Now let me come back Council not upload.
I'm never going to go into the settings for your Instagram account and this is where you can adjust
the settings not just for an individual post but across your whole account.
So firstly what you can do is adjust the settings for your stories if you want as well.
You can allow or disallow messages.
So right now when you post a story or when I post a story anybody can message me right back.
You can change that to just people I follow or I can turn that off completely and probably initially
if you're just getting started on scrummy be delighted to get a message from a story.
But after a while it could become a little bit overwhelming.
So you can allow them to turn that off as well.
And so that's a pretty handy feature to have as well.
And there's some other things that you can allow sharing etc..
Coming away from stories coming into just your normal posts if we come down here to the commenting section
you can see that this is the place where you can really set up some filters.
So comments with certain keywords can be filtered out and you can actually block certain people as well
here so you can allow comments from everybody by default or just people you follow and your followers
people follow or your followers so you can adjust those settings if you want.
You can also block comments from certain people if you know it's kind of a couple of abusive people.
You can just type in their name there as it says here.
They won't be notified when you block them.
And any new comments that they make on your posts won't be visible to anyone but them.
So they won't really be aware and their comments are not being viewed by everybody.
But essentially that allows you to remove them if there's someone who's kind of getting abusive on Instagram.
They're coming on down here you can see that by the fall there is a filter to hide offensive comments.
But you can also get more specific if you want and enable a manual filter where you can put in key words
or phrases that you want to be filtered out from the Commons automatically and you can just come in
here maybe add one and then add another one separated by a comma and then all of those comments are
going to be filtered out.
So that saves you coming in after each tiny posts and filtering the my team to set these filters to
automate the process for you.
So once again there is a lot of great ways to reduce spam or messages in general comments just on Instagram.
You can do it when you post where you can come in and do it on your profile settings or your Instagram
settings as well.
So take a look it's very handy and it can save you a lot of time and keep your Instagram and family
friendly.